Updated Docs of Organization-level permissions related to B2B (#8)
wso2/docs-ciam-cloud: en/docs/guides/organization-login/try-organization-login.md

### Step 2: Setting up the WSO2 Identity Server

> 1.  Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file to allow HTTP POST requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file to allow HTTP POST requests:
```

    ``` toml
    allow_generic_http_requests = true
    allow_any_origin = false
    allowed_origins = [
    "http://localhost:3000"
    ]
    allow_subdomains = false
    supported_methods = [
        "GET",
        "POST",
        "HEAD",
        "OPTIONS",
        "PUT",
        "DELETE"	
    ]
    support_any_header = true
    supported_headers = []
    exposed_headers = []
    supports_credentials = true
    max_age = 3600
    tag_requests = false
    ```

> 2.  Open Guardio-SaaS-App in the identity server console and navigate to the Protocol section and add following configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  On the Management Console, go to the **Protocol** tab and add the following configurations:
```

>     -   Add below callback URL as Authorized redirect URL to the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Add the below callback URL as Authorized redirect URL to the application.
```

        `http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/wso2is`

>     -   Add the below URL as the allowed origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Add the below URL as the allowed origin.
```
